#summary Frequently Asked Questions about Furigana Inserter.
#labels Featured

=Frequently Asked Questions=

== What is the keywords mode?==
The keywords mode introduced in FI 2.0 allows inserting a keywords for a kanji instead of the reading. A list of english keywords is available for download. You have to copy and paste the list into the keywords dialog. You can find it in "Tools->Furigana Inserter->Keywords...".

== How do I access FI in Firefox 4? ==
In for Fx 4 I have added a tool bar button for FI. To access it see http://support.mozilla.com/en-US/kb/How%20to%20customize%20the%20toolbar .

==Why does all kanji disappear when I remove furigana from a web page?==
This happens when you use the HTML Ruby add-on 6.22.3. To prevent this problem you should disable the option "Process inserted content" in the options of the HTML Ruby add-on.

==How do I install a dictionary for Furigana Inserter?==
There are two ways to install a dictionary required by Furigana Inserter.
 # The first option is to install the dictionary add-on for Firefox.
  # Download the file `furiganainserter-dictionary.7z` and unpack it with [http://www.7-zip.org 7-Zip] or WinRAR.
  # Then either drag and drop the resulting file `furiganainserter-dictionary.xpi` into a Firefox window or go the `File` menu in Firefox, choose `Open File...` and select the file `furiganainserter-dictionary.xpi`.
 # Second option is to install [http://sourceforge.net/projects/mecab/files/ MeCab] instead of the dictionary add-on.
  # If you are on Windows then download for example [http://sourceforge.net/projects/mecab/files/mecab-win32/0.98/mecab-0.98.exe/download].
  # During the installation choose the UTF-8 format.

==How do I change the font size of ruby (furigana)?==
The HTML Ruby add-on allows you to change the font size of ruby (furigana). Go to the `Tools` menu, select `Add-ons` then select `HTML Ruby` and choose `Options`. There you will find the option `Ruby text size`.

==Why does it take so long for furigana to appear?==
HTML Ruby version 5.11 and above have a bug, which makes it react very slowly, especially on large web pages. This bug has been finally fixed in [https://addons.mozilla.org/firefox/addon/6812 HTML Ruby] version 6.22.3.

==What about Linux and Mac OS X?==
Since version 2.0 Furigana Inserter should work on Linux and Mac OS X. Firefox 4 is required. The dictionary add-on should also work. I have only tested it on Linux and Windows XP. The user dictionary will only work with the IPAdic dictionary. On Linux and Mac OS X you have to install MeCab and a dictionary for MeCab or the dictionary add-on. The UTF-16 encoding isn't supported.