#summary Tips and Tricks
#labels Featured

=Tips and Tricks for using Furigana Inserter=

== General information ==
You can customize the style of the dictionary popup and of Japanese words using [http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/CSS CSS]. You need to put the CSS code in the file `chrome\userContent.css` in the Firefox profile directory. On Windows it is located in the directory `%APPDATA%\Mozilla\Firefox\Profiles`. You can copy and paste this path into the Windows Explorer address bar.

== Customizing the style of words ==
This CSS rule will introduce space between Japanese words, if you are using katakana or hiragana.
{{{
span.fi {
    padding-left: 0.3ex !important;
    padding-right: 0.3ex !important
}
}}}
If you are using romaji then you need to use the following rule.
{{{
ruby {
    padding-left: 0.3ex !important;
    padding-right: 0.3ex !important
}
}}}

== Customizing the dictionary popup ==
The following tips will only work for Rikaichan and Furigana Inserter 1.0.3 and earlier. Since version 1.0.4 Furigana Inserter uses a popup with a different id. It also looks good per default, so you probably won't need to customize it, although it's still possible.

To remove the information about a kanji like the number of strokes etc. use this rule:
{{{
#rikaichan-window .k-abox-tb {
    display: none;
}
}}}

Change the font size of the kanji to 24 pixel:
{{{
#rikaichan-window .k-kanji {
    font-size: 24px !important;
}
}}}

Change the maximum width of the popup to 600 pixel, the height is set to automatic per default:
{{{
#rikaichan-window {
    max-width: 600px !important;
}
}}}

Change the width of the kanji table to 150 pixel:
{{{
#rikaichan-window .k-main-tb {
    width: 150px !important;
}
}}}
This is useful if you want to display more kanji at once, when you look up a word in the Rikaichan lookup bar. It doesn't work in Rikaichan version 1.06 and earlier, because Rikaichan incorrectly assumes that the width of the kanji table is 300 pixel.

== How to install the dictionary ==
There are two ways to install the dictionary required by Furigana Inserter.
 # The first option is to install the dictionary add-on for Firefox.
  # Download the file `furiganainserter-dictionary.7z` and unpack it with [http://www.7-zip.org 7-Zip] or WinRAR.
  # Then either drag and drop the resulting file `furiganainserter-dictionary.xpi` into a Firefox window or go the `File` menu in Firefox, choose `Open File...` and select the file `furiganainserter-dictionary.xpi`.
 # Second option is to install [http://sourceforge.net/projects/mecab/files/ MeCab] instead of the dictionary add-on.
  # If you are on Windows then download for example [http://sourceforge.net/projects/mecab/files/mecab-win32/0.98/mecab-0.98.exe/download].
  # During the installation choose the UTF-8 format.

= Tips and Tricks for using Itadaki =

== Lookup ==
You can lookup a word in the dictionary by selecting it and pressing *Ctrl+G*.

==Appearance of Ruby==
To change the appearance of furigana go to "Format > Asian Phonetic Guide" There, under "Character style for ruby text", should be "Rubies" selected. If you click on the "Styles" button, then right click on any of the styles in the list (ie. Rubies), you can modify the font, size, effects, and also get rid of the grey background in the furigana boxes ("background" tab, and choose to fill with white).